# readme.md2

Hardware 
A the difference between the latency and the transfer rates in the performance of a hard drive are  Latency is the average time for the sector being accessed to rotate into position under a head, after a completed seek. It is easily calculated from the spindle speed, being the time for half a rotation. The disk transfer rate (sometimes called media rate) is the speed at which data is transferred to and from the disk media (actual disk platter) and is a function of the recording frequency. It is generally described in megabytes per second (MBps).  
B The principle behind solid state drives is that there should be no moving parts: no spinning platters, no moving heads. Data is split into word length pieces and stored in memory. It is then accessed almost instantaneously using unique system-wide addresses. Which makes it faster and much easier to secure from damage. As opposed to the traditional hard drive they can be slow, too: disks have to start spinning if they’re not already doing so, then they have to get the head to the correct position on the disk to read or write the data. Add this to the physical problems occurring when a piece of dust or other foreign object gets into the mechanism, or when an impact jolts the drive.
C. If memory is too low it might not be able to hold all the data the CPU needs. Therefore data 
needs to be kept on the slower hard drive. it slows down the computer due to the extra work it has to do. More data can be uploaded onto the ram without the need of constantly accessing the slower hard drive. So that makes the computer run faster than a computer with less ram.

The difference between 64 bit and 32 bits is the speed data is being transferred. The 64 bit (Dimm) transfers 64 bits at a time which is faster than the 32 bit (simm) which transfer32 bits at a time.
